Documentation workflow context apply (#10751)
symfony/symfony-docs: contributing/documentation/overview.rst

The generated documentation is available in the ``_build/html`` directory.

> You can also use Docker that wraps all this for you, please visit https://github.com/symfony/symfony-docs#docker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. tip::

    You can also use `Docker`_ that wraps all this for you!
```

And please add this to the end of the file:
```rst
.. _`Docker`: https://github.com/symfony/symfony-docs#docker
```
